Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the Dark Mode Extension for Microsoft Edge (hereby referred to as "Extension") created by Shekkis (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as an open-source service. This service is intended for use "AS IS."

What information does the Extension obtain and how is it used?
The Extension does not obtain any personal information when you download and use it. Registration is not required to use the Extension. The Extension only stores user preferences locally on your device to provide functionality such as toggling dark mode and remembering site-specific settings.

Does the Extension collect precise real-time location information of the device?
This Extension does not collect precise information about the location of your device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Extension?
Since the Extension does not collect any information, no data is shared with third parties.

What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all functionality of the Extension easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your browser or via the browser extension marketplace.

Children
The Extension is not intended to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Extension without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Extension, please contact the Service Provider (Shekkis@hotmail.com) so that necessary actions can be taken.

Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. However, since the Extension does not collect any information, there is no risk of your data being accessed by unauthorized individuals.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-10-31.

Your Consent
By using the Extension, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Extension, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at Shekkis@hotmail.com.